Privacy Policy
==============

Last updated: February 20, 2023

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of 
Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law 
protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to 
the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy
has been created with the help of the Free Privacy Policy Generator and modified manually.

Interpretation and Definitions
==============================

Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following 
conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they 
appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

    Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

    Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a 
    party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other 
    securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

    Application refers to MultiFactor, the software program provided by the Company.

    Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to 
    MultiFactor.

    Country refers to: Texas, United States

    Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a 
    digital tablet.

    Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

    Service refers to the Application.

    Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the 
    Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to 
    facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services 
    related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

    Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service 
    or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

    You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity 
    on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
=======================================

Types of Data Collected
-----------------------

No data is collected by MultiFactor, except that which is collected as part of Google Play and the
Apple App Store. No user data is stored by MultiFactor.

Security of your Personal Data
------------------------------

All data is kept locally on your device. It is encrypted using Military-Grade encryption.
No user data is sent by MultiFactor to any server. While We strive to use commercially acceptable 
means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security, as a device can be 
compromised.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
------------------------------

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting 
the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change 
becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this 
Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
